---
title: "just got back from Louisiana - 8 month ear checkup"
date: 2009-09-09 21:26:44 -0600
categories: [Ears]
---

Whew, what a day! I just spent the last 3 days in Louisiana, and I’m glad to be back. Monday (which was Labor Day, an American holiday) I flew to New Orleans, then rented a car and drove to Baton Rouge. Tuesday I had an appointment with my ear surgeon in the afternoon, and in the evening I met with 3 other patients (I call us the Baton Rouge Inner Ear Club). Then today, I drove back to New Orleans and then flew back home. Lots of travel all for a 1 hour checkup with the doc!

Everything’s in good shape with my ear, though, and now Dr. Gianoli just wants me to visit whenever I’m in the area. Could be a year from now, or more or less. I can always call or email him if anything weird comes up, but my ear’s in good shape. I like that approach, since it’s definitely not easy or cheap getting there. Like I said, I spent 2 days of mostly travel plus a 3rd day, all for a 60 minute checkup. The hearing test shows my hearing is good in both ears (actually a little better on the side that he operated on, I think). And at this point, 8 months after my surgery, the scar is so faint you can barely see it.

So, to celebrate, Beth and I went to Sushi Mara for supper tonight. Kinda weird having such different fish dishes today. My lunch was a catfish po boy in New Orleans, and my supper was raw salmon in Lafayette, Colorado. Speaking of which, I met someone while I was down there who is from Lafayette, Louisiana!
