---
title: "it's hard to find Sunday brunch in Lafayette"
date: 2009-09-20 20:21:28 -0600
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

Oh woe! Lafayette, Colorado has a lot of great dining options, and possibly more variety than Broomfield. But there’s a dearth of restaurants serving Sunday brunch, it seems.

Beth and I set out this morning around 11:00 to try to find brunch in Lafayette. We knew Casa Alvarez had what used to be a well-known breakfast buffet on the weekend. I checked their website and it lists the Saturday and Sunday breakfast buffet, though it doesn’t say what you’re likely to find. Beth was in the mood for American breakfast foods, and I thought a mix of American and Mexican would be nice. So we headed straight to Casa Alvarez. But as soon as we got seated, I looked around and had a bad feeling. We asked the waiter, and he said they stopped doing their breakfast buffet about six months ago. The regular lunch menu didn’t have food on it that Beth was looking for.

So we left, and headed down South Public Road. There are several restaurants in old town, but they’re mostly Mexican joints and I didn’t have any hopes that they would have American brunch. So the next place we visited was Canopy Grill. It was even listed in a book on great Denver breakfast restaurants a few years back. But when we got there, the waitress told us they stopped doing breakfast about a year ago. So we settled for lunch.

Louisville has Huckleberry and a few coffee shops. Broomfield has The Egg and I and a few hotel restaurants that serve breakfast buffet. But we’ve been to all those. I just can’t think of a single full service restaurant that serves American style breakfast food in Lafayette. Are there any? What do people in Lafayette do when they want to go out for breakfast?
