---
title: "the last four months"
date: 2016-07-26 14:41:50 -0600
categories: [Drivel]
---

It’s hard to believe, but it’s been four whole months since I wrote anything here. I guess you could say I’ve been busy! Let’s see, can I give a reasonably quick recap?

I’m pretty well settled back into Capitol Hill now. My apartment, while still needing lots of work, is liveable and in nice enough shape that I’ve had friends over a few times without great embarrassment. One of the best features is the huge balcony, especially now that I have moved most of my camping gear off it.

I’ve been on a couple camping trips to the mountains this summer. One was my first visit to the Apogaea arts and music festival, and the other was a Bradley family reunion. Those were nice long-weekend getaways. I also took several days off in the spring to work on a photography project around Denver with a friend who visited from Austin.

I still run into old friends and acquaintances who don’t know that Beth and I are separated. It just happened again at a party last Saturday night. I haven’t talked about it much online, and I’ll probably blog about the whole thing sometime. In short, Beth and I decided in September 2015 to split up, but we still finished our Eastern Hemisphere travels. We said our goodbyes after we landed back in the US. She moved to Kansas City in early February, which explains why my apartment is really MY apartment, as in just mine. Getting used to being single, living alone, etc. has been strange after all this time. Like I said, more on that later.

I’ve been working from my office in Broomfield less and less, often going in only once per week. Working from home (or a coffee shop) is so much nicer. I really hate the commute each way. It’s just such a waste of valuable time that I’d rather spend doing something fun, or productive, or just relaxing. Sitting in a car in traffic is none of those things. But the Honda Civic I bought earlier this year is just about as nice of a commuting car as I can imagine.

I’ve been working on a short film series called “Welcome to Earth, Shorty”. I had hoped it would be farther along by now, but writing has been slower than I thought it would be. My main writing partner and I have tried a few experiments that haven’t worked out quite as we hoped, and I’ve been way busier than I expected to be. I hope to have more to tell you about on that later.

I have also done some dating, for the first time in 24 years. That’s definitely weird. Most of the people I’ve met have been through a dating website. Meeting people that way is new to me, and dating in middle age is new to me. But I’ve always liked meeting new people, so even though it’s awkward and strange, it’s been fun, too.

Well, that’s the shortest summary I can give of my spring and the first half of summer. I should make a point to write more often.
