---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » Todd's Shopping Center"
date: 2005-03-26 16:40:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 26 Mar 2005 09:40 am



## [Todd’s Shopping Center]({% post_url 2005/2005-03-26-p-364 %})



Every once in a while, I find myself in a discussion with friends or at work about shopping malls.  I live in Broomfield, Colorado, which now sports a regionally popular mall called [FlatIron Crossing](http://www.flatironcrossing.com/controller/site).  People come from all over to go shopping at this mall, or, rather, this mall complex.  It’s actually about three or four shopping centers all in the same area.


When I was a teen, I enjoyed hanging out at the local shopping mall.  There was an arcade and a food court and a record store, and what else could a teenage boy want?  Well, there are also teenage girls, and a few other stores.  Anyhow, everyone I knew was excited when FlatIron Crossing opened up, and I was too!  But that only lasted until my first visit.  I really don’t like going to our mall too much now.  Parking is terrible, and the mall shuttle bus they set up to make it so you don’t have to drive around from section to section is even worse.  But mostly, it boils down to there not being very many interesting stores in the whole place, and those stores being scattered at far ends of the mall complex.


So, I thought I’d describe to you the shopping mall I’d make if I were Emperor of Broomfield.  I call this imaginary place by the dull name Todd’s Shopping Center.


First consideration is access and parking.  It would have a five story parking garage, with at least three of the levels underground.  That way, the whole thing would only require a fraction of the land that our sprawling megamall takes.  And the mall itself would be one big structure that’s about three floors high throughout, with a lower level underground like Cinder Alley used to be at [Cinderella City](http://englewoodgov.org/citycenter/revisedcincityhistory.htm).  Again, this would make it quicker and easier to get from one store to the next.


Next consideration is food choices.  You can’t have a shopping mall without a food court.  This one would consist of a main lower level with an upper section that circles the main level on a kind of balcony.  The whole place would get direct or indirect natural light, but it wouldn’t have to be as big as two football fields.  In addition to the usual “permanent” food court stores, there would be a half dozen smaller cart-based vendors.  These could specialize in things like crepes (yes, I stole this idea from FlatIron Crossing, which does now have a crepe cart), hot dogs, fruit smoothies, ice cream, etc.  Two or three regular “sit down” kind of restaurants would also be adjacent to the food court.  Of course, if I were emperor, at least one of these would be a good Cajun joint, and one would serve sushi.  And one of the carts would make Chicago style hot dogs.


Now, on to the stores themselves, arguably the main point of a shopping center.  Todd’s Shopping Center would be anchored by a [Fry’s Electronics](http://www.frys.com/) on one side and [The Tattered Cover](http://www.tatteredcover.com/NASApp/store/IndexJsp) on the other.  There would be a [Black and Read](http://www.blackandread.com/), for used books and music.  And something like [Guitar Center](http://www.guitarcenter.com/index.cfm), where you can buy musical instruments and accessories.  There would be some sort of thrift store, to make it convenient to pick up raw material for Halloween costumes and art projects, etc.  There would also be a games store that carries console and PC video games, board games, card games, role playing games, etc. - both new and used.  There would be an Ace Hardware store at Todd’s Shopping Center, or better yet a locally owned non-chain hardware store (as long as there are fair prices).  And of course, we’d have the usual shopping mall stores, like clothing, sporting goods, jewelry, etc.


There would also be a grocery complex attached.  It would include a seven-day-a-week farmer’s market, a general purpose supermarket, an old fashioned bakery with both breads and pastries, and a butcher shop that has naturally grown beef and bison.


Finally, there would be some entertainment outlets there.  My mall would have a ten theater movie complex, but with special rules.  Six of the screens would show the usual current popular Hollywood fare.  Two screens would always be devoted to current independent films, like [Landmark Theaters](http://landmarktheaters.com/) does in the Denver area.  And the final two screens would run an ever changing list of older films, with one of them always on a certain theme.  This one might, for instance, have Hong Kong Action Movie Month and show about 10 classic movies of that genre.  Or it might have Christopher Walken Week, or a Rat Pack series, or a series on The Evolution of the Western.  In addition to the theater multiplex, my mall would also feature [The Video Station](http://www.thevideostation.com/) for movie rentals.  And it would have a 200 seat stage for local bands and entertainers to put on concerts, dance recitals, plays, lectures, etc.  The award winning idea for my mall is the library.  Yes, I would have the city library be built right onto the shopping mall.


One other unique thing about Todd’s Shopping Center is how it’s built.  The whole thing is built with a heavy emphasis on natural stone and glass.  The parts of the roof that aren’t glass are covered with solar panels, used to provide some of the hot water and electricity for the mall.  The whole place has little areas scattered around where you can sit down and relax; nothing fancy, just benches or comfortable chairs here and there.  And there would be free high speed wireless internet service throughout the whole complex.  So, if your family wants to shop for another hour, you could stop and check your email, or read online reviews of certain products to help you decide if you want to buy something.


Well, there you have it, Todd’s Shopping Center.  It’ll never get built, because I’m sure that financially it would sink like a lead balloon.  But if I were Emperor of Broomfield, we’d do it anyhow.  A mall I could really enjoy visiting on a cold, snowy Saturday afternoon in March.