---
title: "Christmas Vacation 2005 - Part 4"
date: 2005-12-28 21:39:58 -0700
categories: [Travel]
---

Wednesday morning found us transferring our tons of luggage and other stuff back into the truck.  We had a “continental breakfast” worthy of the Econo Lodge name and then went to soak in the pools at the [Pagosa Springs Inn](http://pagosahotsprings.com/) (or whatever the hell it’s currently called).  We spent all morning there, and had a great time.  I think we both enjoyed those hot springs pools (we tried about 8 of them, I think) more than any we’ve soaked in before.  Beth had a facial at 11:00, and I took the opportunity to walk around town some.  It was good to get a little exercise, plus I found the original Pagosa Spring, which is now cordoned off by a fence and no longer spills hot water over into the river.


Once Beth was finished having her face attended to, we grabbed a couple sandwiches at Subway and headed out of town.  For the first time on the trip, we took a road I’d never been on.  By late afternoon, we arrived at the [Black Mesa B&B](http://www.blackmesabnb.com/), near Ojo Caliente, New Mexico.  After clearing up a little misunderstanding (I thought I’d made reservations for the 28th, but the proprietor thought they were for the 29th), we got settled in, did some laundry, rested a bit, read a bit, and just generally relaxed.  Lara, our host, offered to cook a gourmet dinner for us, which we accepted.  Boy, she makes a great meal!  It was $60, but included wine and dessert and personalized service and fresh baked bread, so that seemed like a reasonable price.