---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » Free 404 Not Found CDs!"
date: 2005-02-22 00:02:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 21 Feb 2005 05:02 pm



## [Free 404 Not Found CDs!]({% post_url 2005/2005-02-22-p-355 %})



I just posted this announcement to the 404 Not Found announcement email list:


Greetings, family and friends,


Well, it’s spring cleaning time at the old A7 Audio Research Lab, thetiny home studio that brought you the first 7 releases from 404 NotFound.  In cleaning out the closets, I found all kinds of old CDsstuffed into cracks and corners.  And in the spirit ofout-with-the-old, I’ve decide to give most of it away.


That’s right.  I’m clearing out everything but the most recent 404 NotFound masterpiece, “Paper Cuts.”  I/we put together 6 prior CDsbetween 1997 and 2002.  If you want one of them but don’t have a copy,now’s your chance.  All I’m asking for is the actual shipping cost toget the CD from my hand to yours.  Or if you’re local and want to pickone up in person, it’s truly absolutely really completely free!


Here’s what I’ve got.  First come, first served.  Whatever’s left onmy birthday, which is March 20, is going into the landfill.


If you’re not familiar with the first 6 CDs, read all about them here:[http://404notfound.toddbradley.com/othercds/cds.html](http://404notfound.toddbradley.com/othercds/cds.html)


- 3 copies of “Something is Wrong” individually numbered and signed


- 5 copies of “In The Beginning” individually numbered and signed


- 2 copies of “In The Beginning” in paper sleeves


- 20 copies of “Eclectronic”


- 3 copies of “Nightmare Lullaby”


- 1 copy of “Warts and All”


Meanwhile, as usual, I’m working on about 3 new projects at once.  Theone that’s taken almost all my time the past couple months has beendoing sound design (music and sound effects) and lights for TheUpstart Crow’s production of “Orpheus Descending” by TennesseeWilliams.  Opening night was this past Friday, and the show runs 2more weeks at Boulder’s Dairy Center.  If you’re into theater and wantto see a Southern Gothic style play, classically performed, this isfor you!  Here’s more:[http://www.theupstartcrow.org/index.html#whatsplaying.](http://www.theupstartcrow.org/index.html#whatsplaying.)


I’m also working (very slowly) on a concept album called “Welcome toEarth, Shorty” that just isn’t conceptual (or funny) as it needs tobe.  And I’ve got a collection of instrumental music in me that can’tdecide how it wants to come out.  I may start releasing bits andpieces of that online in the next month or so, rather than waitinguntil I have enough for a full length CD.  Plus I’ve got some moretraditional “404 Not Found” style comedy songs that just don’t fitinto the concept album concept, and I’m not sure what to do with them. Maybe they’ll emerge on the website later this year, too.


Well, thanks for reading this far.  Email me if you want one of theseold CDs.  And, since this is the first 404 Not Found announcement of2005, happy new year!


Todd.