---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » The Daily Camera: Theater/dance"
date: 2005-02-26 05:48:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 25 Feb 2005 10:48 pm

## [The Daily Camera: Theater/dance]({% post_url 2005/2005-02-26-p-350 %})

[The Daily Camera: Theater/dance](http://www.dailycamera.com/bdc/theater/article/0,1713,BDC_2515_3572527,00.html) - Here’s a review of “Orpheus Descending”, the play I’m working on at the moment. I did sound and light design and operation. In case you don’t know what that means, “sound design” means choosing and putting together all the music and sound effects for the production and “light design” means setting up which light cues are right for what scenes. I’ve also been doing sound and light operation, which just means I run the sound board and light board during each performance.

Well, the Daily Camera wrote a good review of the play. And I was surprised to see they actually mentioned me! The theater critic writes:

“Todd Bradley’s sound design which includes blues songs from the ’20s, ’30s and ’40s by artists whose autographs Val carries on the face of his guitar helps create the production’s sultry, Southern feel.”

I never thought I’d get in the paper for just doing sound design for an amateur production, but it’s a great feeling. And I’m especially proud that the reviewer recognized the effect I put into choosing music that not only fits each scene, but is also authentic to the period. One of the actors suggested at one point that I use Jimi Hendrix’ “Hey Joe” since the lyrics tell a story so similar to the play. But I rejected it because it’s out of period - recorded about 15 years too late.
