---
title: "Seven Layer Dip"
date: 2005-10-29 02:50:55 -0600
categories: [Food]
---

This one’s pretty simple, but people love it. Everyone has a slightly different approach to 7 layer dip, but this is the recipe I learned from my mother in high school, and I’ve stuck with it to this day. Take this to any party, and I guarantee you will have no leftovers. To me, 7 layer dip - like most interesting rock formations - is all about the unique and attractive placement of distinct layers.

- 16 oz tub of natural sour cream - I only use pure, natural sour cream with no additives or gelatin
- 1 small tub of guacamole dip - I would never serve this kind of guacamole by itself (being a guacamole snob, I avoid any guacamole older than 60 minutes), but it’s good enough for this dip
- 1 can of fat free refried beans
- 1 big tomato
- 1 chunk of cheddar cheese
- 1 bunch of green onions
- 1 small can of generic sliced black olives
- chili powder

In a mixing bowl, stir the refried beans with a few dashes of chili powder and enough water to make the beans more fluid.

Spoon the beans into the dish and spread into an even layer. Stir the guacamole dip a few times and spoon it gently on top, smoothing it around evenly. Next, stir the sour cream a few times and spoon it on just like the guacamole dip.

Now the good stuff. Sprinkle the sliced olives around the dish, and then grate enough cheese over them to cover them up. Chop the green onions and lay them down evenly. Finally, dice the tomato and sprinkle the pieces on the very top.

The luscious stratigraphy of the dip is as follows:
tomato
green onion
cheese
olives
sour cream
guacamole dip
refried beans

Serve with your favorite white or yellow corn chips.

The dip will keep for a few hours without a problem. Theoretically, it would probably be good as leftovers the day after, too, but I’ve never seen any last that long.
