---
title: "catching up"
date: 2005-10-11 20:31:00 -0600
categories: [Drivel]
---

I’ve been so bad about staying up-to-date with my blog.  Let’s see, what’s new?


Well, I’m now a regular member of the crew of Paddy Wagon Films.  That’s a small local filmmaking group centered around a director named Patrick Sheridan.  He has committed himself to making 6 films in 6 months.  Obviously, they’re short films, but they’re also pretty good.  He’s trying to improve his “chops” as a filmmaker, with the goal of doing a feature sometime in 2006.


I was credited as Sound Engineer for a film called “Water Cooler” which won the Group 101 prize for best film in October.  So it’s nice to start off on the right foot!  I wasn’t there for filming but fixed up the sound in post-production (meaning “after the shooting’s over”).


I also was the production recordist (the guy who records sound while the camera films the actors) for the 2nd half of Patrick’s newest film, “Time Table.”  If we do a good job editing, I think there’s a good chance this one will also win the monthly prize for November.  We’ll see.


A couple weekends ago, Beth and I saw “Rosenkrantz and Guildenstern are Dead?” by The Upstart Crow.  I’ve seen about a half dozen of their productions and worked on 2 or 3, but this was the best one yet (though I can’t say it’s because of me - I didn’t work on this one).


Recent movies we’ve seen: “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory”, “The Constant Gardener”, “Serenity”, and “March of the Penguins”.


I’m reading a pulpy techno-thriller called “Area 51” right now.  I’ve enjoyed it, so I bought the sequel (used, through Amazon.com).


I bought an annual pass to the Broomfield Rec Center last week, and have been a couple times so far.  My knee is still bothering me, which probably means a trip back to the orthopedic surgeon sometime.


That’s the highlights for me.  How about you?  Leave me a comment!