---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » My 36th birthday, a weekend of danger, joy, woe, dancing, sadness, flaming shrimp, and cake"
date: 2005-03-22 14:06:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 22 Mar 2005 07:06 am

## [My 36th birthday, a weekend of danger, joy, woe, dancing, sadness, flaming shrimp, and cake]({% post_url 2005/2005-03-22-p-367 %})

This past weekend was my birthday. On Sunday, I turned 36. So, I had to have more fun than usual. Unfortunately, I have a cold, again. This is the 2nd one in a month! And so I’m really getting sick of it. I think this one’s finally going away now, but it peaked from Thursday to Saturday.
Thursday night, Beth and I went to [Bayou Bob’s](http://bayoubobs.denverfanatic.com/) for Cajun food. Yum yum! I really like that place. I had gumbo, fried shrimp, mashed potatoes, salad, and hushpuppies. Then, we went to [Fado](http://www.fadoirishpub.com/fado_pub_main.php?city=denver) for their Saint Patrick’s Day celebration. It was a madhouse - a thousand people crammed into a white tent shouting at each other, and a couple of bands. We were so close to the stage that sound quality was fairly bad. I think I understood about 4 words the singer sang, out of a dozen songs.
Friday night, Mom, my cousin Deb, and I went to see the world premiere of Vertigo. That’s a production from Boulder’s [Lemon Sponge Cake](http://www.lemonspongecake.com/), a contemporary ballet group. I thought it was good, and a whole lot less painful on my ears than the previous night. The dancing - especially the second half - was pretty abstract. I think the first half was better. There were a couple dancers who were amazingly good, and a couple who were obviously a little shakier than the rest.
Saturday during the day, friends came over for gaming and we played the “grand finale” of [a D&D dungeon crawl](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0786916443/103-1046964-4571060) adventure. It was, as everyone predicted, very anti-climactic. But it was fun. Then, I cleaned house a little and relaxed, while waiting for the evening to roll around. Saturday night, about 17 of my friends gathered for my birthday dinner at [Hibachi Japanese Steakhouse](http://www.thewestminsterpromenade.com/restaurants.htm#hibachi) in Westminster. Since our kitchen project still isn’t completely done, Beth didn’t want to have a birthday party for me at home. So we went out for Japanese food. It was good, and great fun to have such a big group turn out to say hi and munch grilled food with me.
Sunday was set aside for chilling out. I watched some TV, tried to catch up on boring chores and stuff, and worked on the Danger Beach project some. You see, this summer’s [Conviviality Theater](http://conviviality.org/) production is in the planning stages now. I submitted an idea for a theme, along with 7 other people. Well, my idea, called “Space Monster at Danger Beach” was voted #1 out of all of them. So, we decided to have 2 weeks of movie nights, where the group could watch segments of DVDs that reflect possible ideas for the show. Sunday, I watched parts of 4 or 5 1950’s B-movies, taking notes to later share with the group. I also fought for hours trying to make a DVD on my PC that my DVD player could read. I failed.
The weekend ended on a sour note. It wasn’t a good weekend for electronics. First, on Saturday, I walked downstairs and was about to use my PC, when a huge bolt of static electricity shot out between my finger and the computer keyboard. The PC siezed up then. I turned it off, and tried to restart, but it would just make this sickly buzzing noise instead of booting. I tried several times, and always the same behavior. I felt sure that static had just fried my motherboard or my hard drive or something. Fortunately, though, I found that just unplugging the keyboard and plugging it back in fixed the problem. I can’t explain why, but I was relieved.
So then on Sunday, I was watching B-movies and typing up notes about them in my laptop, when I noticed the battery was getting low. I plugged in the AC cable to what I thought was the power jack in the back. A few seconds later, I smelled some unusual burning smell. And then a couple seconds later, smoke literally began to rise up from between the keys. It was a eerie effect, like a fog machine, coming up from my fingers on the keyboard. I panicked and pulled the power cord out, but it was too late. My motherboard was fried by then. I’m not sure exactly what happened, but I think that either I plugged the power into the right port and some kind of power surge killed it, or what I thought was the power port was actually the USB port and I sent a huge current somewhere it shouldn’t have gone. How is it possible to plug in a power cord to a USB port, you may ask? I’m not sure myself, but that’s what was right next to the power, and when I looked at it, the plastic thing that holds the metal pins together in the USB port were bare. I guess the plastic thing had fallen off at some point in the past.
What I was most upset about was that all the work I’d done on writing the “Danger Beach” stuff and my rock opera “Welcome to Earth, Shorty” hadn’t been backed up. So, I feared I had just lost the fruits of about 35 or 40 hours of really good creative labor. Fortunately, I took the dead laptop in to a local PC service shop and they were able to recover my files from it. I guess the hard drive actually lived. But the technician said the state of the motherboard was quite dramatic. Now I’m sending it in to Best Buy because I happened to buy their service plan when I bought the thing over 2 years ago, and this should (I hope) be covered under it. If so, the PSP is definitely paying off in this case.
