---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » Various Stuff in Broomfield"
date: 2005-09-05 14:04:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 05 Sep 2005 08:04 am



## [Various Stuff in Broomfield]({% post_url 2005/2005-09-05-p-434 %})



Well, it’s Labor Day weekend, which roughly marks the 3rd anniversary of Beth and Todd.  We celebrated Thursday night (our actual anniversary) with dinner at Bloom.  Yummy food, high prices.  Definitely not a place to go for a cheap date.


At half past midnight last night, I put a beef brisket on the smoker.  We’re having a block party late afternoon, and I’m providing brisket.  I hope it turns out nice.  I bought the pre-trimmed brisket from Wally’s Quality Meats.  It’s significantly more expensive, but has almost no fat on it.  As part of the trimming process, they almost completely sever the top from the bottom, so I ended up cutting the remaining inch of meat connecting the two and I’m smoking them separately.  Since both pieces are thinner, I’m sure they’ll cook faster than usual.  We’ll see.


In addition to doing tons of chores around the house the past two days, I’ve been trying to catch up on my reading.  But more interestingly, I wrote up a two page summary of the concept I have for the Broomfield Independent Film Series.  In 2006, I’m hoping to put on a show once per month at the Broomfield Auditorium, featuring the best local independent films.  It’ll take me a few months to gain non-profit status under the BCAH (an umbrella non-profit for Broomfield arts projects), though, so it probably won’t kick off in January.