---
title: "Bright -N- Early Breakfast"
date: 2008-05-04 05:03:53 -0600
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

Broomfield’s newest breakfast restaurant is “Bright -N- Early Breakfast” which just opened last week. I went in for breaakfast on a snowy spring morning, and was the only patron. The owner, Vince, said it’s been a bit of a slow start so far since he hasn’t done any real advertising yet; it’s just word-of-mouth. Bright -N- Early Breakfast is really just a side room of Hot Shotz, in the strip mall just east of Target.

I didn’t really see a true menu per-se, but Vince said the special of the day was pancakes, eggs, and Canadian bacon. That sounded good to me, so I went with that. I did see another list of breakfast items, but I’m not sure if it was complete or not, and it didn’t have any prices. But it included breakfast quesadillas, made-to-order omelets, danishes, breakfast burritos, and so on.

Don’t expect anything too fancy here. The dining experience is similar to going for a big family reunion picnic or something. The flatware is plastic, the plates are paper, and the tables are like those you’d find in a bar. There are no napkins, just a roll of paper towels on each table.

But the food was good. The pancakes were big and thick, and Vince offered to put cheese in my scrambled eggs, which I accepted. All told, with a glass of milk, the breakfast came to $7.

Vince bought Hot Shotz from the previous owner last July, and has cleaned it up quite a bit. I haven’t been there since that time, so I can’t speak for the hamburgers or hot wings or anything else. But I plan to go back and try his Philly cheese steak sandwich, which he says is his best meal.

One nice touch was that the restaurant has free wi-fi. You just have to ask for the password. The owner wants to turn it into the kind of place where people come, have some hot breakfast, and hang out a while, which was exactly what I needed while waiting for my bus in a blizzard.

Hot Shotz and Bright -N- Early Breakfast
300 Nickel Street, Unit 1
Broomfield, CO 80020
303-460-0066
