---
title: "India's Grill"
date: 2008-09-10 02:22:54 -0600
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

Can you believe Broomfield now has not only one but two Indian restaurants? As of three months ago, we’d never had even one (as far as I know) and now we have two! I already reviewed Buddha’s Indian Restaurant, and my wife and a couple weeks ago we just went to the other new one, called India’s Grill.

They’ve been open about 2 months. When we were there, it wasn’t very crowded, with maybe only 2 or 3 other groups there for dinner.

At India’s Grill, they make their own chutneys, except the mango. Their mint chutney is very spicy. I really liked their onion chutney. It was yummy and crunchy, and I took home an extra order of it in a little side dish container.

I started the meal with a pineapple lassi, which was really tasty and something I’d never had before. It was quite refreshing.

Beth wanted vegetarian samosas, so we ordered some for an appetizer. The filling had more of a curry flavor than most samosas I’ve had, and I liked that change of pace. They were served on a plate with greens and some alfalfa sprouts, which was a nice touch.

For the main course we had lamb saag and chicken korma. They were both pretty good, I thought. They were served with mostly plain white basmati rice. And of course we had naan. The lamb seemed a little overcooked to me. The korma sauce on the chicken was thinner than what you usually get at Indian restaurants in our area, but it seemed to have a homemade flavor that I couldn’t really put my finger on. The naan tasted a bit different to me, too. It reminded me more of Navajo fry bread for some reason. Is that because of the flour used or the baking powder or what? I have no idea.

Overall, I think I liked India’s Grill about as much as Buddha’s, so since Buddha’s is closer to our house I’m probably more likely to eat there. But both are good choices for Indian food, and the only choices you have within the Broomfield city limits.

India’s Grill

2420 E Midway Blvd

Broomfield, CO 80020

(303) 404-9505

—-

Update: This restaurant went out of business sometime in summer of 2009. So I’m marking it with the dreaded “Now Closed” category.
