---
title: "Heaven Star Seafood Dim Sum Coming Soon"
date: 2008-09-09 00:24:12 -0600
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

The Armadillo Mexican restaurant in Broomfield went out of business a few months back.  H.K. is a Chinese guy I work with, and he’s from Hong Kong, the world center of dim sum.  He told me he heard that a [dim sum](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dim_sum) restaurant was moving in there, and I was so excited!


You see, ever since being introduced to dim sum on a business trip to San Jose, CA about 12 years ago, I’ve been really fond of it.  But the nearest dim sum to Broomfield is way down on Alameda, where apparently almost all the dim sum restaurants in Denver are.  I’m a fan of [King’s Land](http://denver.citysearch.com/review/11495034), myself.  H.K. says it’s the most authentic.


But then weeks came and went, and I started to wonder.  I did a little research and couldn’t find any information at all about a dim sum restaurant.  I did find the public record of the sale of the property.  I think it was in 2007 and the new owner didn’t have the kind of name I’d expect from a dim sum restaurantier, if you know what I mean (it was something like George Leonidas).  So I gave up.


But just last week, after several months of nothing, a sign went up on the building:


Heaven Star Chinese Dim Sum Coming Soon


That’s all.  No date.  But I have noticed that some mild and slow-paced remodeling has been going on there over the past couple weeks.  So, I’m back to feeling optimistic that we’re going to get dim sum.  I don’t know if this is strange or not, but this dim sum restaurant will be almost at the exact geometric center of Broomfield’s 3 pho restaurants, and no more than 300 yards from any of them.


I’m even thinking of inviting Jason Sheehan (the restaurant reviewer for Westword) to go have dinner with us on opening night, as a way of celebrating.  But I doubt he’d stoop to dine with mere mortals.


—-


Update: The restaurant opened January 20.  I visited twice in the first week and wrote [this review of it](http://broomfieldrestaurantreviews.com/?p=37).  So I’m disabling comments on this post now.  Please leave your thoughts about Heaven Star [over here](http://broomfieldrestaurantreviews.com/?p=37).