---
title: "yet another broken record"
date: 2008-07-18 21:40:36 -0600
categories: [Biking]
---

Just a few hours after posting that I broke my personal best bike-to-work speed, I also broke my personal best bike-to-home speed.  And by quite a bit.  Looking back at my previous blog posts on the topic, my previous best time from the office to our house was 32:51, set last year.  This afternoon, despite heinous traffic problems, I did it in 30:04.  That’s over a 10% improvement!


It’s funny, I posted [something here last year]({% post_url 2007/2007-06-27-p-629 %}) bragging that I beat my records in both directions on the same day, and it was a Friday.  I guess it’s something about Fridays, but today is Friday and today I set records in both directions again.


Here’s the complete historical breakdown.


Best times biking from our house to the office


29:52 - October 2006 - on the Giant Revive


27:46 - June 27, 2007 - on the Trek homebrew hybrid


25:58 - July 18, 2007 - on the Trek Soho 1.0


Best times biking from the office to our house


36:13 - October 2006 - on the Giant Revive


32:51 - June 27, 2007 - on the Trek homebrew hybrid


30:04 - July 18, 2007 - on the Trek Soho 1.0


Looking at these numbers, can you guess which direction is mostly uphill and which is mostly downhill?  🙂


Boy was I pooped when I got home this afternoon.  It was a hot day for a nearly non-stop uphill ride.


By the way, just in case you think I’m Superman or something, depending on the route I take, my bike commute is around 6.0 to 6.3 miles.  So despite all my bragging, I’m only averaging 12 mph or so.