---
title: "Taqueria el Fogoncito (Longmont)"
date: 2008-04-01 02:14:06 -0600
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

I finally got a chance to try [this taqueria](http://local.google.com/maps?f=l&hl=en&geocode=&q=fogoncito&near=longmont,+co&ie=UTF8&ll=40.234853,-105.094872&spn=0.080201,0.15501&t=h&z=13&iwloc=A&iwd=1&cid=40200921,-105102583,8169876651697153192&dtab=0) in north Longmont. I’d seen it months ago, while driving through town, but didn’t stop. It’s not fancy, by any means, but what real taqueria is? It’s basically a fast food joint, with a couple dozen plastic booths filled with Mexican families. The menu is all in Spanish, but the girl at the counter speaks English. Best of all, they have tacos al pastor made the traditional way, with the meat cut off a rotating spindle like gyros (or shouarma in Israel).I had sopes al pastor. The plate was so covered with shredded lettuce and queso fresco that I could barely even find the sopes, but it was all tasty. They have a nice salsa bar, with all the usual Mexican styles of salsa. And they have all the Jarritos flavors that I’m aware of, so I was able to get my tamarindo in a bottle. Hurray!Someone (the shop owners, perhaps?) were trying to sell a bunch of DVDs and CDs in the store, as there were discs in their cases piled up all along one wall. This seemed to be a hit with the kids, who thumbed through all the Mexican pop stars giddily. In one corner of the restaurant, there was a dessert bar. I didn’t check it out, but it looked like they were making fresh fruit smoothies over there, but I also saw a guy walk by with a huge bag of chicharones. At least that’s what I thought they probably were.The food was alright, but nothing outstanding. The ambience was on the blah side. All told, if I’m in north Longmont and having a craving for tacos, I’d go again, but I don’t feel a desire to drive all the way there from Broomfield just for the food. Instead, I’d go to [Taqueria Mi Barrio](http://broomfieldrestaurantreviews.com/?p=12), our own local taqueria. The food there is just as good, if not better. And the service is more personal. Plus it’s only 2 miles from my house, instead of 20.

2333 Main St. #A

Longmont, CO 80501

303-772-7173
