---
title: "Todd's World of Coffee"
date: 2014-05-26 21:21:52 -0600
categories: [Consumer Experiences]
---

We’ve now been living in Capitol Hill in Denver for three months. One of the things I realized when we moved here is that there are a lot of coffee shops within easy walking distance. With the help of Yelp, I made a list of all seven that are within a half mile, which [I posted here]({% post_url 2014/2014-02-21-p-1501 %}).


That’s when I gave myself a little challenge - to visit each and every one of these. I guess I chose 0.5 miles as the cutoff because that’s what I think of as “an easy walk” - anything farther and it would feel more like a walk for a walk’s sake, instead of just “I’ll bop down to the corner and get a cappuccino.”


But a new place cropped up since I started my list, and that’s when I decided I better update this. And in the process, I organized it all a bit better and expanded it significantly.



## Coffee Shops Within 1/2 Mile

1. Pablo’s Coffee 0.1 mi – This is the easiest one to get to, by far. It’s a nice place with really good cappuccino and no WiFi. Nice staff, roast their own beans. [My Yelp review](http://www.yelp.com/biz/pablos-coffee-denver?hrid=bLuQVA44juIfNSJfSe8wbw).
2. Buzz Cafe 0.4 mi - I just went here for the first time last week on a weekday morning. Their homemade breakfast sandwich is the best around - the tastiest coffee shop breakfast in the area. The cappuccino was good, but not outstanding. [My Yelp review](http://www.yelp.com/biz/buzz-cafe-denver?hrid=oB69BQF3p30lw0lKnoM7CA).
3. Drip Denver 0.4 mi - This is my favorite of all the ones on this list. The service is great, the people really know their coffee, and they have a wide selection. The interior is also very comfortable, and they have good WiFi. They get their beans from Pablo’s and Kaladi Brothers. [My Yelp review](http://www.yelp.com/biz/drip-denver-denver?hrid=8KDjEG72jOfNtPgduKeYLQ).
4. Dazbog Coffee 0.5 mi - This is convenient for me when I’m driving to Broomfield in the morning. But the service is spotty. Sometimes they forget to make things I order. And I haven’t had any coffee drink that’s really impressed me. I rank this like Starbucks, but slightly more local.
5. Roostercat Coffee House 0.5 mi - Nice small place downstairs on Lincoln between 10th and 11th. They use Coda coffee. Not very crowded or noisy, at least on a weekday morning. They make unusual waffle sandwiches for breakfast and lunch. But I’ve gotten turned off by my last two visits and stopped going. One time there were coffee grounds in my cappuccino. How does that even happen?


## Starbucks Within 1/2 Mile

Yeah, I’m giving these a separate category. Four Starbucks within 0.5 miles of me? Talk about overkill. The bold ones are the ones I’ve personally visited, for what little that’s worth.


1. Starbucks Coffee 0.2 mi – 300 E 6th Ave - This is the Starbucks on 6th near Moe’s Bagels. I don’t have much to say about Starbucks. When I went to this one, the service was good.
2. Starbucks Coffee 0.3 mi - 575 Lincoln Street - This one is between Lincoln and Broadway on the south side of Speer, by Bombay Bowl. I went there once when we lived in Baker.
3. Starbucks Coffee 0.4 mi - 560 Corona St - This is the one inside Safeway at 6th and Corona. Oh boy, supermarket Starbucks.
4. Starbucks Coffee 0.4 mi - 931 Corona St - This is the Starbucks inside the King Soopers that people often call “Queen Soopers”. It’s a typical supermarket Starbucks.


## Other Coffee-serving Businesses Within 1/2 Mile

Again, bold means “been there, done that”.


1. Dunkin Donuts 0.5 mi - 366 N Broadway - I went there but didn’t get coffee. For some reason, people rave about the quality of the coffee at Dunkin.
2. DJ’s 9th Avenue Cafe 0.4 mi - 865 Lincoln St - This is a great place for both breakfast and lunch. They have good service and good food, which they make with as many local ingredients as possible. I’ve never seen it very crowded, so I wonder how they can stay in business given the size of the place.
3. City Bakery Cafe 0.3 mi - 726 Lincoln St - Pretty new. Mainly baked good, but they also have drip coffee and espresso drinks, as well a breakfast sandwiches.
4. Racine’s Restaurant 0.2 mi - 650 Sherman St - We’ve been there a couple times. One time was for supper and it was great. One time was for breakfast and it was mediocre. The coffee was Starbucks brand. Enough said.
5. Moe’s Broadway Bagel 0.2 mi - 550 Grant St - I love Moe’s “everything” bagel with cream cheese, and often get one to go with an iced coffee, which Moe’s makes pretty well.
6. Martine’s Muffins 0.3 mi - 726 Lincoln St - Frankly, I’m not sure how Martine is going to stay in business now that City Bakery Cafe has opened up, not just nearby but in the same building! I just went there once for a breakfast burrito, and didn’t try her coffee. The burrito was just so-so.
7. Einstein Bros. Bagels 0.4 mi - 1025 E 9th Ave - Why bother? There’s Moe’s nearby.
8. Tony’s Market 0.5 mi - 950 Broadway - I’ve been to Tony’s for food, but never to get coffee. They do have a lot of interesting high end foodstuffs, at high end prices.
9. Lé Bakery Sensual 0.2 mi - 300 E 6th Ave - They have coffee, but that’s not what they’re famous for. What they’re famous for is cupcakes shapes like penises. I bought a cake there once, but never the coffee.

So there’s my list. 18 places to get coffee within 1/2 mile. Got anything to add? Leave a comment.