---
title: "Bloom"
date: 2007-11-13 02:47:58 -0700
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

Bloom gets my vote for the best restaurant in Broomfield.  They’ve got a very extensive wine list, and top notch food.  When Bloom first opened a few years ago, they had stellar service - the kind of delightfully attentive staff that were always there when you wanted or needed them.  I’m not talking just about someone to come by and refill your water regularly, but a staff that really knows their wines, refolds your napkin for you when you go to the restroom, etc.  But since then, the service level has dropped a bit to what I’d just call “good”.


Early on, I had what I think were the best scallops I’ve ever had at Bloom, though they changed the recipe of their scallops dish since then and I don’t like it quite as much.  Beth loves their pate plate, and we both like their baked brie appetizer plate.  The bread ranges from OK to great.  And in addition to a good wine selection, they also have good mixed drinks; I occasionally get a mojito or martini there and have never been disappointed.


The cuisine is what I call “new American.”  It’s a blend of traditional favorites with an upscale twist, along with American/Asian fusion dishes.  They always have at least one delightful pasta dish, too, and I don’t think I’ve ever had a bad meal there.  And I like their salads, too - way better than the usual green salad or even the slightly more modern but now-tired spinach and strawberry salad with raspberry vinaigrette (I am so sick of raspberry vinaigrette!).


All this good stuff doesn’t come cheap, though.  Prices for entrees are mostly in the $15 to $20 range, but once you add in a couple glasses of wine or a mixed drink, plus a salad or other appetizer, plus a dessert to share, then you’re in the ballpark of $80 per couple.  Beth and I once had a craving for Bloom when I was taking the day off from work, so we went there for lunch.  We thought we could get by with a relatively inexpensive meal since it was lunch.  Well, it was still $50 for the two of us.  So we reserve Bloom for special occasions or times we really want something above the ordinary.  Unfortunately, we can’t go every week, though I wish we could!


Bloom
1 Flatiron Cir
Broomfield, CO 80021
(303) 887-2800