---
title: "Pho Galore"
date: 2007-11-13 02:48:16 -0700
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

A couple years ago, when the three pho restaurants opened all within a block of each other, I thought, “What were these people thinking? This can’t last. Broomfield’s never even had one Vietnamese restaurant, and suddenly we have three! I’m sure one will win out over the others and the other two will be out of business in six months.” Well, those six months ended well over a year ago, and all three seem to still be going strong.

If you’re not sure what I’m talking about, it’s the three Vietnamese restaurants along 120th just east of Main. Pho 120 is on the north side of the street, right behind Good Times. Pho Duy and Pho 79 are both on the south side of the street, near the Pacific Ocean Market and The Armadillo. Pho, for those not already acquainted, is Vietnamese beef noodle soup. All three restaurants specialize in it, and they all make it and serve it generally the same way. You pick the size of bowl you want - small, medium, or large. And you pick what you meats you want in the soup. All the soup bowls come with beef broth, rice noodles, and onions, and you always get a dish on the side with lots of fresh basil, some herb kinda like cilantro, bean sprouts, cut limes, and jalapenos. It’s up to the individual patron to decide which of these veggies to put in the bowl, along with hoisin sauce, fish sauce, and/or hot sauce.

The main differentiating factor between the three pho restaurants is probably the broth. Personally, I like the broth at Pho Duy the best. But I also regularly visit Pho 120 because the atmosphere is a bit quieter and more mellow most days. Pho 79 has the biggest menu, with more non-soup dishes than the others. Pho 120 has a liquor license, though I’ve never felt like ordering any beer or wine with my noodle soup. And Pho Duy has boba smoothies, which are frozen drinks that come in a variety of flavors, with tapioca balls (boba) mixed in.

Eating pho always makes me feel good. It’s a healthy feeling meal - relatively lean meat, tasty broth, and lots of fresh veggies. Plus, you can get a filling meal for about $6 to $8, including a drink. All three restaurants area open every day of the week from 9 AM to 9 PM. I guess some folks eat pho for breakfast, but I never have. It’s a nice lunch and an especially good deal for supper.

Pho Duy
6600 W 120th Ave
Broomfield, CO 80020
(303) 438-7197

Pho 79
6650 W 120th Ave
Broomfield, CO
(303) 439-0028

Pho 120
6765 W 120th Ave
Broomfield, CO
(303) 466-6346
