---
title: "Burritos to Go"
date: 2007-11-16 01:25:55 -0700
categories: [Broomfield Restaurant Review]
---

I’d  heard good things about this little burrito shop, and decided to try it out tonight.  It’s in a little cluster of shops just off Sheridan north of Midway that I never knew even existed!  Most of their menu is burritos, as you might expect, though they also offer tamales and tacos.  As you can tell from the name, they don’t have any tables; it’s solely for takeout.


I chose a burrito with beans and pork, and then had it upgraded to the “Ultimate Plate” which includes potatoes, sour cream, guacamole, green chile, lettuce, tomatoes, and probably a few other things in there.  I tell you - I’m stuffed!  The ultimate plate is huge, taking up an entire full size styrofoam takeout container.  I couldn’t eat it all.


Their pork is very good, and they include a large portion of it.  Their green chile is pretty good, too, but apparently only comes in one level of hotness.  I probably should’ve stopped there.  The half of the plate not taken up by the smothered burrito was filled with potatoes covered in a bunch of stuff, and the potatoes were soft (not crispy) and bland.  Plus, once they piled the sour cream and guacamole onto the burrito it was just too much.  The flavor of the burrito itself, which was delicious as far as I could tell, was watered down a bit and the burrito was too “wet”.


As I’d read, the prices are good, which is probably why Burritos to Go caters so much to high school students.  Next time I go, I think I’ll just get a pork burrito smothered in chile and grated cheese, and pass on all the extras.


1050 E 10th Ave
Broomfield, CO 80020
(303) 466-2164


Unrelated to the food, I found there is a YouTube videos marginally about Burritos to Go:


[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJsvzFfJ9Iw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJsvzFfJ9Iw)