---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2002-12-10 18:45:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 10 Dec 2002 11:45 am

##

Wow, I haven’t written much here lately. Let me try to catch up on things.

Last Saturday, Beth and I went to Colorado Springs to visit some friends who have a very nice home theater. They invited us to watch the new extended version of Fellowship of the Ring. It was great. And they made lunch for us, too. On the way back home, we stopped at Pappadeaux for some seafood. As usual, I had Pepper Shrimp. By the time we got home, it had been an all day affair.

Sunday, I tried to fend off an impending cold and I went into the office to write performance reviews and catch up on other stuff. I also went to Kinko’s to user their color laser printer to make CD booklets for [404 Not Found](http://www.404notfound.net/)’s new CD “[Warts and All](http://www.404notfound.net/warts.htm)“. The CD is officially released next Saturday, December 14.

Monday night, the band played a PG set live on KGNU 88.5 FM in Boulder. I say “PG” because Scott actually edited the words on all of the pieces that use R rated language and made them more “radio friendly”. We played what may be our best performance ever - probably even better than the one we recorded for the CD. But the songs lacked a little bit of the sparkle that the original language imparts. We’ll just have to wait and see if CD sales skyrocket based on this performance.

I decided to have lunch at my desk today, and so I’m taking off a few minutes to write this blog entry. On the lunch menu: Maruchan Instant Lunch Jalapeno Cheddar Flavor and a 7-Up and two DayQuil pills to try to clear up some of my cold symptoms.
