---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2002-10-31 19:45:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 31 Oct 2002 12:45 pm



## 



I’m eating my lunch at my desk at work for the 3rd time this week.  Frankly, I’m getting tired of working through lunch, so I thought I’d take a few minutes to update my blog.  Lunch today is from Qdoba’s.  I’m having 2 shredded beef tacos and an order of guacamole and chips, plus a Coke.  The Coke is unusual because I kicked my caffeine habit a couple years ago and I don’t regularly drink caffeinated beverages anymore.  But I was really in the mood for a cola today.


Work is very busy, as I’m on a project that is about 4 months behind schedule.  And things will probably stay busy for the next few months since we probably won’t finish until February.


I had to cancel band practice tonight, because I’m leaving town tomorrow and I haven’t even started packing yet.  So I need to pack tonight.  Hopefully that won’t take much more than an hour, plus interruptions from neighborhood munchkins wanting sugar bombs.  If I do have any extra time tonight, I’m hoping to work on music on my own.  I need to write a new song for our upcoming live-in-the-studio CD, plus I want to work up a version of Something Is Wrong that we can perform live.


Last night was TFC night.  My team plays in a league called [EAGLe](http://www.eagletfc.org/), which stands for Exceptionally Average Gamers’ LEague.  We won the first game and lost the second game.  I got to play both, so that was fun.


Last night I also discovered my digital postal scale is massively screwed up.  I tested it on a 29 ounce can of fruit and it said it weighs 9.6 ounces.  The thing that tipped me off to the problem was that I put postage on two packages this week that I weighed on my scale.  When I took them into the post office, though, the clerk told me I massively underpaid for both of them.  If I had been paying attention, I would’ve noticed something was wrong because the package containing 3 CDs had only 60 cents of postage on it, which is way too low.


Tuesday night we had a nasty snowstorm that snarled traffic all over the area.  I left work late and drove straight to Jon’s house to play D&D and it took me 75 minutes to get there.  That’s a drive that normally takes 20 minutes.  But I feel really sorry for the poor schmucks headed in the other direction.  Highway 287 heading south up Miramonte Hill was totally stopped because nobody could make it up the hill.  There was a resulting traffic jam all the way into Lafayette and beyond.  That’s about 5 miles of highway that was at a total standstill.  At least traffic was moving on my side, even if it was only about 10 miles an hour.  Even though traffic was a bitch, we had surprisingly good turnout for the game.  And Jon was so kind as to feed me supper, since I didn’t have time to get any on the drive over.