---
title: "Coca-Cola BlaK"
date: 2006-07-16 06:00:00 +0000
categories: [Food]
---

Have you heard of this new beverage from Coca-Cola? They’re calling it “[Coca-Cola BlaK](http://www.coca-colablak.com/us/index.jsp)“. I saw it at the store today so I had to buy one to try.

According to the company’s press release:

> Coca-Cola BlaK is a sophisticated, premium blend of Coca-Cola, natural flavors and coffee essence. The effervescence and rich flavor of Coca-Cola BlaK provide the perfect pick-me-up for people looking for new ways to stay refreshed any time of the day or night. “Coca-Cola BlaK is a uniquely invigorating beverage that is full-bodied in flavor and as refreshing as you expect Coca-Cola to be,” said Katie Bayne, senior vice president, Coca-Cola Brands, Coca-Cola North America. “There is no other beverage available today quite like Coca-Cola BlaK. Imagine the refreshing taste of an ice-cold Coca-Cola that finishes with a rich essence of coffee. Only Coca-Cola can deliver that distinct combination of flavors.”

Since I’m not a coffee drinker, the “coffee essence” isn’t anything too special to me, but they’re taking the “premium” part of the product description pretty seriously. It’s sold in a single 8-ounce glass bottle (that’s 2/3 the size of a normal can of Coke) at a definitely-premium price. On the plus side, the drink only has 45 calories, which is a notable change from the 150 that a can of Coca-Cola Classic has.

It definitely doesn’t taste as sweet as Coke does, but I’ll have to wait a while to see if it’s the “perfect pick-me-up” which is, I assume, their way of saying there’s lots of caffeine in here. The taste doesn’t suck. It’s strangely different. I guess it tastes like Coke mixed with coffee and not as sweet. I poured it over ice. Not sure how it would taste straight out of the bottle.

Speaking of Coke, when we were in the Bahamas the week before last, I had a Pepsi or two. Boy were they good. As you might imagine, soft drinks there are made with real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, and I can tell the difference. I should’ve brought some back with me, I guess.

Oh, and since I’m writing this blog entry under the category of “Food” I should probably mention that I made some really good barbecued beef ribs for supper last night. Tonight, we’re having a friend over, and so I’m smoking a beef brisket. We’ll also have fresh baked bread and grilled corn on the cob and strawberry shortcake. Should be yummy! And then to celebrate [National Ice Cream Day](http://www.holidayinsights.com/other/icecreamday.htm) we may go over to our neighbors’ house to share some ice cream.
