---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » Saturday - hurray!"
date: 2006-02-04 16:00:00 +0000
categories: [Drivel]
---

[Drivel](../cat-7/) Todd Bradley on 04 Feb 2006 09:00 am



## [Saturday - hurray!]({% post_url 2006/2006-02-04-p-491 %})


I had a good week.  I got to do lots of cool stuff at work, and now it’s the weekend.


There’s not much new to report on my knee surgery recovery.  I’m still on crutches.  Next week I go in for my 2nd followup appointment, and hopefully they’ll say I can start weaning off the crutches.  Unfortunately, since I haven’t walked in a month now, my right leg is atrophied and it’ll take me a while to build back enough strength to do anything, I suspect.  I have been riding our recumbent exercise bike at the lowest setting some (every day or two), but that’s mainly just to improve flexibility, not strength.


I’m really looking forward to being able to walk, and I’m looking forward to spring.  I’m hoping we can go on many more camping trips this year than last.  And I hope to go on several rafting/kayaking trips, too.  This all means making a lot fewer commitments on my time compared to last year.  So I’m not going to be nearly as involved in the annual Conviviality show this year, and I’m definitely not going to be the Ultimate Frisbee league coordinator.


This weekend, while everyone else is watching or getting ready to watch the Super Bowl, I’m planning to spend some time writing.  First, I need to finish writing the Broomfield Independent Film Series’ grant application to the SCFD.  Second, I’m writing a D&D adventure to fit into a campaign story I’m developing.  I also need to work some on getting stuff together to do our taxes.  I think I’ll use TurboTax online this year, instead of the store version.