---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » catching up"
date: 2006-04-28 03:03:00 +0000
categories: [Drivel]
---

[Film](../cat-5/) & [Drivel](../cat-7/) Todd Bradley on 27 Apr 2006 09:03 pm



## [catching up]({% post_url 2006/2006-04-28-p-507 %})


Man, it’s been a long time.  I suppose if you were one of the three people who actually tried to read my blog in that time, you’d think, “How boring.  Nothing’s going on.”  Case in point: one of those three people left me a [comment to that effect]({% post_url 2006/2006-03-12-p-506 %}).


And yet, the truth is just the opposite.  I’ve been very busy the past couple of months and have been having so much fun doing other things that I’ve been a blogging laggard.


But before I go on, I must post a retraction.  I wrote in early March that I thought “Breakup Bunny” was going to premiere on the 16th.  It did not, in fact.  The film is still in post-production.  Sorry if any of you rushed out to the Bug Theater on the 16th to see a movie that didn’t show.  And I’m especially sorry if, in the intervening 5 weeks, any of you have traveled back in time to the Bug on the 16th only to be sorely disappointed.  If you want to know when the film is really premiering, don’t look here for that information!  Look at the [website for the film](http://www.breakupbunny.com/)!


On a related note, based on input from friends who kept asking me when and where they could see some of the movies I’ve worked on, I set up an email announcement list for just such things.  If you want to get on the list, [just drop me a line](mailto:todd@toddbradley.com).  For example, there’s a premiere of a locally made short film I worked on just next week!









### 2 Responses to “catching up”

1. on 03 May 2006 at 10:24 am  1.Amy Starks said …
Hey - when I try to go to breakupbunny.com, it says I don’t have permission. 
I got my first Mac in July, a 17″ PowerBook. Expensive as HELL but I don’t regret it. I’ve had a couple of problems with my wireless, but other than that I just adore it. You should buy a few shares of stock, too, if you have any money left.
2. on 03 May 2006 at 5:38 pm  2.[Todd Bradley](/) said …
Yeah, the web server for the Breakup Bunny site is configured wacky.  If you type in “[http://www.breakupbunny.com”](http://www.breakupbunny.com”) it’ll work, but if you follow the link in the above blog entry, it won’t.
And I definitely don’t have any money to buy stocks right now.  Every dime I have is going into sound gear these days.