---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » my film premiere and other stuff"
date: 2006-11-11 14:23:00 +0000
categories: [Drivel]
---

[Film](../cat-5/) & [Drivel](../cat-7/) Todd Bradley on 11 Nov 2006 07:23 am

## [my film premiere and other stuff]({% post_url 2006/2006-11-11-p-536 %})

Thursday was the premiere for my first film, called “In the Moment”. It was well received, and I got lots of very gratifying compliments on it. Afterwards, I invited the cast and crew for drinks at the bar across the street. Soon, I hope to have stuff set up on my website so people can order copies of the DVD, which I’m selling for a mere five bucks (just enough to cover my duplication and mailing expenses).

Last weekend, Beth and I drove to Kansas City. Long drive. Would’ve preferred to fly instead and not “waste” 2 days of PTO to just sit in the truck watching Kansas go by. We spent some time with Beth’s family, which was nice, and did a little bit of sight seeing. Monday morning, before leaving town, we had breakfast at a little diner in the warehouse district. I think it was a mob hangout. There were a couple old guys who looked right off the FBI most wanted list, and a big dude hovering around outside next to his giant SUV, which was idling right in front of the diner. His license plates: “ENFRCR” or some such. I felt like we’d stepped into an episode of The Sopranos.

Last night, we went to the new Broomfield Event Center for the opening game of the Rocky Mountain Rage, our new minor league hockey team. We were 3 rows from the glass, and tickets were only $21 each. Those same seats would’ve cost $126 each, plus service charge, for the Colorado Avalanche. The Rage weren’t as good as the Avs, of course, but they won in the 5-shot shootout. And the Avs definitely are not 8 times as entertaining as the Rage. So I felt like we got our money’s worth.

The sound system at the Broomfield Event Center sucks, though. They need a lot more bass wattage.
