---
title: "the nicest compliment"
date: 2015-03-16 22:52:51 -0600
categories: [Ears]
---

In case you didn’t already know this about me, I administer a web forum called [SCDSsupport.org](http://scdssupport.org/), which is the world’s largest online group for sufferers of [SCDS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superior_canal_dehiscence). Because of this, I get a lot of emails from people about the disease — some who have it, some who want to join the (private) forum to talk about it with others, and so on.

Most days it’s just tech support, helping people reset their passwords, deleting duplicate posts when someone hits the Send button 20 times, etc. And like all tech support it’s usually very thankless.

But one SCDS patient who was in particularly bad shape physically and emotionally found me a few months ago and I’ve been giving him advice through the process of choosing a doctor, getting surgery, etc. I’m not going to mention his name, but I do want to share the nicest “thank you” note I think I’ve ever received. You get a real sense of how desperate this person was. I have a day job where I’m pretty certain after 25 years I’m never going to get a standing ovation, but at least I can get one in other parts of my life.

Here’s the email:

> Thank you so much Todd.
> Without your help I wouldn’t have known what to do. You kept me from losing my mind. I was on the verge of breaking down & locking down & giving up. I’m glad I was able to find Dr. **\_** from your referral. I to did not want to lose my balance because I have another 30 years to work before I can retire. If I make it that long. Lol, this was the only thing I wanted to try. I don’t care to much for round window reinforcement but there has got to be a good reason why it’s done in combination with resurfacing. Other than that I’m very happy. I still have some healing to do so I hope some more hearing comes back & I get less crackle & pop from the ear. I believe it’s the packing gel dissolving. I barely hear the pulse in my head on left side. No more drinking my self to sleep day after day.
> God bless you Todd and thank you so much. You changed my life I am very humbled and grateful.
