---
title: "COVID-19 and Me, Part 5"
date: 2021-10-23 16:17:07 -0600
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

I got an email from my doctor a couple weeks ago that she had some Moderna COVID-19 vaccine shots that were going to expire at the end of the month, and so she wondered if I wanted a booster shot. I hadn’t even really considered it, because officially the feds are only recommending boosters for people over 65 or who are front line medical workers or who have health risks. And I’m not any of those things. But either these shots go into someone’s arm, or they get thrown in the trash. So I said yes.


I knew that it’s just a matter of time before I’d need a booster shot. What I didn’t realize until I looked at the calendar is that it’s already been 6 months since my 2nd Moderna shot. Anyhow, I went in to the office yesterday and got my 3rd shot. You know how after you get your vaccination, they have you wait under observation for 15 minutes to make sure you’re not going to have an allergic reaction? Well, after I got my shot and while I was watching the egg timer count down from 15 minutes, I got this text message from the State of Colorado:


> State public health records show you completed your primary COVID vaccine series at least 6 months ago and if so are due for a booster. For more info, visit [https://covid19.colorado.gov/vaccine/where-you-can-get-vaccinated](https://covid19.colorado.gov/vaccine/where-you-can-get-vaccinated)


Now how’s that for a weird coincidence? After not getting any texts from the state in months, I got this one about getting my booster while I was actually in the exam room after I just got my booster!


Synchronicity ain’t just an album by The Police.


(Just in case you’re interested, [here’s the Denver Post article](https://www.denverpost.com/2021/10/22/colorado-covid-booster-text-messages/) about the state’s efforts to encourage people to get boosters. But don’t read the comments.)