---
title: "Bento 101: Assignment 4"
date: 2013-03-02 07:00:00 +0000
categories: [Bento 101]
---

Here’s my homework for Assignment 4. Yeah, there was no Assignment 3, as far as I can tell. We went from 2b to 4. Whatever.

The assignment was to make a bento-based lunch. My new bento boxes arrived about a week ago (see [Assignment 2b](/)) and I’ve used them to bring my lunch to work twice now. Unfortunately, I didn’t take photos of either lunch, being in too much of a hurry during packing and eating. And I can’t remember what I at the first time.

But yesterday I can remember what I had for lunch. One bento box was about half full of white rice, and on top of that was a crock pot chicken dish that I made earlier in the week. It was based on [this recipe](http://busycooks.about.com/od/chickenandturkeyentrees/r/Slow-Cooker-Lemon-Chicken-And-Carrots.htm). But I used skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs instead of the boneless, skinless ones the recipe called for. And we didn’t have corn starch, so I thickened the sauce with some flour. (It turned out a bit greasy, but fairly tasty). In the other bento box were fresh carrot sticks and mixed nuts.

Here are the questions I’m supposed to answer for this assignment:

- Did you enjoy your lunch? I did enjoy eating it, though I ate it at my desk at work so I didn’t fully appreciate the meal.
- Did you enjoy making your lunch? For the most part I enjoyed it. The leftover rice and chicken were easy. All I had to do was pack it neatly into the boxes and slice some carrots. It was first thing in the morning and I was in a bad mood, so it wasn’t as enjoyable as it might have been.
- Were there any issues with toting your lunch to work/school? Any issues at the office? No issues at all. The bento boxes fit into my messenger bag just fine, and I toted them to work with me on the bus. I microwaved the rice and chicken, and it came out tasty.
- Is this something you see yourself doing regularly? Yes, especially if I can keep making food in advance to pack. I don’t feel like I have enough time in the morning before work to make anything complicated for lunch, so having something pre-made (leftovers) is essential for me.
