---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2004-02-28 03:44:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 27 Feb 2004 08:44 pm

##

I’m at home tonight, getting lots done at my desk. I know it’s boring to sit at a desk on a Friday night, but I’ve been negligent on paying bills and dealing with emails from family and friends and businesses and so on. This past week has been a busy one, and so I’m way behind and all this stuff’s been piling up. There’s some satisfaction on getting caught up on it all.

For instance, I have to send proof to the company that sells the compressed natural gas that my car runs on that I paid my annual state decal fee. And I bought a CD from Amazon.com that arrived crushed by something in the USPS, so I’m having to send it back. Boring stuff, but just piling up.

Last weekend, I came to the realization that I spent too much time dealing with email. So, to help things out, I decided to go through every email list I’m on and cut out the ones I don’t really need. By Sunday night, I’d taken myself off 25 different email lists, some from companies, some from interest groups, some from non-profit organizations. And I still need some slightly better anti-spam software. The program I’m using lets some spam through and marks other messages I want as spam.

Also, last weekend I finished doing our taxes. It took several hours, but was all worth it when I found that we’re getting a good sized refund. I want to spend that money on a bicycle and a PA system for my band. Beth wants to spend it on a kitchen remodel. We’ll see.
