---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » RSS and other stuff"
date: 2004-09-13 15:07:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 13 Sep 2004 09:07 am



## [RSS and other stuff]({% post_url 2004/2004-09-13-p-275 %})



I educated myself a bit about [RSS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS_%28protocol%29) and Atom this weekend.  I’d heard of them before, but had never really used them until now.  I read up on some standalone Windows apps that are for RSS news reading (called “aggregators”) but I also found that Yahoo! has a beta release of [RSS support](http://my.yahoo.com/s/rss-faq.html), and so I’m using that instead.  So far it’s working great.


I found that I can get messages from my [Yahoo! Groups](http://groups.yahoo.com/), news from the BBC and other sources, and blog postings all through RSS now.  If you’re interested, this blog is now available as an Atom feed.  See the link on the right sidebar.


In other news, opening night of “The Trojan Women” was Friday.  That was cool, but there were quite a few flubs in the performance - more than Thursday night.  But the show Saturday night was the best so far, I think.  The performances just keep getting better.  So, this coming weekend will definitely be the time to see it, in my opinion.  Of course, I’ll be watching allthe performances!


Saturday, I played in an all-day (well, maybe “most-day” would be more accurate) D&D game.  It was the latest episode in the [Gnome Chow](http://gnomechow.blogspot.com/) campaign.  That evening, Beth and I went out to Sumida’s Sushi Bar in Boulder for a nice healthy and light dinner before the play.  That was the first time she’d seen it, and I’m glad it was the best performance so far.  After the play was “meet the cast” night, and they had champagne and dessert type treats.


Sunday, after doing some chores around the house, I tried to fly my RC airplane again.  But I found that the motor is acting funny.  It’ll run if I leave the throttle at about half, but if I gun it up to max, it “stalls” out.  That is really bizarre, given that it’s an electric motor.  So, my two flights Sunday weren’t so hot.  I’ll have to investigate more what’s up with the motor.  Maybe one of my “hard landings” (aka, “crashes”) damaged the motor in some way.


Then, Sunday afternoon I played a double header with my new Ultimate Frisbee team.  Fall 2004 season just started, and I volunteered to co-captain with Wade Burley.  I think our team name is going to be “The Blank Bunnies” as in “The _____ Bunnies.”  The idea is to let the other team fill in the blank each week.  Sadly, we lost both games Sunday.  And I’m very sore today, because I played most of both of those games.  My knee’s a bit swollen, so I took a couple of free ibuprofen pills from the first aid kit at work.