---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2004-04-16 11:39:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 16 Apr 2004 05:39 am

##

My legs are sore this morning. And that’s a good thing! You see, my Ultimate Frisbee team had practice last night, and I joined them as a player (not just a coach) for most of it. That meant running around in cleats for 90 minutes or so. That was the first time I’d played Ultimate since May 2003. And boy is it nice to be sore.

Monday, I had a head CT (”CAT scan”) and yesterday afternoon I had my electrocochleography (”ECOG”). The ECOG was much worse than the CT. Next week, I go back to the ear doctor and he’ll interpret the results for me.

In other news, I’m working on a concept album, which will be the next work product from 404 Not Found. I can’t remember if I already mentioned it, but I tracked down the current owner of “Welcome to Earth, Shorty,” a piece of artwork that I’ve wanted to own for several years, since I first saw it at Caffe Mars in Boulder. At the time, I didn’t feel like I could afford to buy it, and I’ve regretted that ever since. But I convinced the owner, who was the owner of Caffe Mars, to sell it to me. It arrived this past week. Now I need to figure out where to put it. The concept album is inspired by this painting.

You can definitely tell it’s spring down here in my den, where I’m writing this. As I’m eating my breakfast of Frosted Mini Wheats and writing this blog entry, I just killed two spiders. A spider once crawled into my bowl of cereal and I didn’t like it.
