---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » Building a New PC"
date: 2004-09-24 20:51:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 24 Sep 2004 02:51 pm

## [Building a New PC]({% post_url 2004/2004-09-24-p-264 %})

This weekend, I’m going to start building a new kick ass PC. The last of the parts shipments were just dropped off by the UPS guy, according to an IM from my lovely wife Beth. Once I finish building this machine and move everything over, I’ll wipe the disk and install Linux on it. Then, I will once again have a Windows XP desktop and a Linux desktop at home.

Here’s what’s going into my new PC:

2 x Seagate Barracuda 7200.7 ST3160827AS 160GB Serial ATA 7200RPM Hard Drive w/8MB Buffer

1 x Logitech Cordless MX Duo Elite Keyboard w/MX700 Optical Mouse Combo Retail

1 x Antec Lifestyle ARIA MicroATX Cube Case Retail

1 x Sony DWU18ABK Internal DVDRW Bare Drive (Black)

1 x MSI K8N Neo Platinum nForce3 250Gb Athlon 64 Skt754 DDR ATX Motherboard w/Audio, LAN, RAID/SATA Retail

1 x AMD Athlon 64 3700+ Processor Socket 754 Retail

1 x ATI Radeon X800 PRO AGP 8X 256MB DDR Video Card Retail

2 x (86017) Corsair CM72SD512RLP-3200 512MB DDR400 PC3200 ECC Registered Double Data Rate Memory Retail

As you can see, I ordered a pair of 7200 RPM SATA drives, which I plan to mirror using the hardware [RAID 0](http://www.acnc.com/raid.html). I’m hoping to get significantly increased disk I/O out of this arrangement.

I’m eventually planning to buy a 17″ Hydis 10ms LCD monitor for this, but they’re not for sale yet. So for now I’ll stick with my old 21″ Nokia CRT.

The Antec Aria case should be good fun. It’s supposedly the quietest PC case around, and looks very nice, and is small.
