---
title: "Todd Bradley's Galaxy » weekend stuff"
date: 2004-12-12 16:06:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 12 Dec 2004 09:06 am

## [weekend stuff]({% post_url 2004/2004-12-12-p-333 %})

Last night, Beth and I went to [L’Atelier](http://www.latelierboulder.com/), a fancy restaurant in Boulder. I wouldn’t really call it a “French restaurant” despite the name. Boy did we spend a fortune on dinner! All told it was just shy of $150 for the two of us, but every single thing we had there was good, from salad to appetizer to entree to dessert. OK, not everything was good; the tap water was really gnarly and I had to get bottled water. I think the Boulder water department must be trying to get rid of all their old stockpiles of chlorine before the end of the year.

After dinner, we went to see the [Boulder Chorale](http://bcn.boulder.co.us/arts/chorale/) give a performance of Christmas music. Also, there was a marimba band and a brass band. It was all pretty good, but I thought it was strange they were only giving 2 performances - one Saturday night and one Sunday afternoon.

In other news, this morning I finished playing HL2 (that’s Half-Life 2 for you who aren’t into video games). I should say “…for the first time” since I think I’ll play the game again. It was way, way better than DOOM3 in just about every respect, but especially level design. I played on “Normal” so maybe next time I’ll do “Hard” and see just how hard it is.

I worked yesterday in exchange for being able to take December 23 off. I had a ton to do and next week I’m in JBoss training most of the week, so I wanted to get caught up on the other stuff. So, my weekend is just Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night and Sunday day (today). So, I’m now catching up on all the crap that’s piled up on my desk over the past week.

Later today, I’m hoping to go get some unhealthy lunch (like hot dogs at Wienerschnitzel) and then buy a guitar at Guitar Center. And somewhere in there, I need to ride the exercise bike some. Beth wanted to go for a hike, but I think the weather’s just not nice enough for that today.
