---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2004-07-01 17:40:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 01 Jul 2004 11:40 am

##

Beth and I saw two movies last weekend, both of which I’d recommend. Friday night we say the new Harry Potter movie, which we both enjoyed. I think I liked it more than the last one. The reason we went to that was that Fahrenheit 9/11 was sold out, but we got into a showing Sunday morning. That was also a good film, but for totally different reasons, of course. I was afraid it was going to have an irritating amount of Michael Moore doing his usual annoying schtick, but it didn’t. It was a great “non-fiction” film (Moore apparently doesn’t like it to be called a documentary) that I recommend. I learned a lot, plus was entertained fully. It was educational, funny, sad, and insightful.

In other news, I’ve decided that as of today I’m off my low sodium diet. I’ve been trying to stick to 2000 mg or less of sodium per day, in an effort to help my diuretic reduce the fluid pressure in my inner ears. But in the past two months I haven’t seen any change in the symptoms I’m having. My ears still do the same thing they’ve done for the past 9 years now. In fact, if anything, they’ve been doing it more often than before. But that may be due to allergies, congestion, and a cold I got. I just called my ear doctor to let him know that I haven’t seen any improvement from the low sodium/diuretic thing. So I think I’ll go get some BBQ!
