---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-04-28 00:17:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 27 Apr 2003 06:17 pm

##

I’m happy to say I’ve discovered some very healthy frozen waffles. Beth and I have been trying to eat more organic and natural foods, but there are times that I’m just in too much of a hurry, especially in the morning. Also, my doctor wants me to each more foods with Omega-3 fatty acids, because these help correct the cholesterol and triglyceride problem I have. One way to get more Omega-3’s is to eat these special eggs you can get at King Soopers. They feed the chickens flaxseed, which has a lot of Omega-3. Then, the eggs they lay also have Omega-3. But I’m often too lazy to scramble up an egg for breakfast. The other way to get lots of Omega-3 is to work flaxseed into your diet. So for a while I was grinding up organic flaxseed to mix in with oatmeal for breakfast. But that’s kind of a hassle, too. So I was really excited when I discovered that my local King Soopers is now carrying flaxseed toaster waffles. These are like Eggo waffles, but made with natural ingredients, including flax! They have 1000 mg of Omega-3 per serving (2 waffles) which is like eating 3 or 4 of the good eggs. So I’ve been getting those and having them for breakfast a couple times a week.

But then, last week, I discovered something even cooler. The same company that makes the flaxseed waffles also makes hempseed waffles! That’s right, hemp. I found that Vitamin Cottage down on Wadsworth carries these, so I picked up a couple boxes. They taste pretty much the same, but they have 1500 mg of Omega-3 per serving, plus they’re helping support the hemp industry. You don’t believe people make breakfast waffles out of hemp? Well, [here’s where you can read more](http://www.naturespath.com/products/product_details.asp?id=52).
