---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-03-19 23:37:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 19 Mar 2003 04:37 pm

##

Well, I shoveled and shoveled. This morning, about all I did was shovel. Here’s what I looked like in the snow. See the blue thing behind me? That’s our trash can. It was clear the garbage man wasn’t coming to pick it up, so Beth said bring it inside. However, to do that, I first had to shovel a path to it and then dig it out.

I finally got the driveway shoveled off around 11:30. In theory, I could probably make it out to the street now. But I checked my work email and it sounded like nobody was in the office anyhow, so I didn’t even try to drive in. One coworker of mine is in Denver, visiting for the first time from Nashua, NH. I was supposed to spend some time with him telling him about what we do and how we do it. But he emailed me, “I wouldn’t risk life and limb trying to come into the office on my account.” So I just stayed home. I ended up taking a long nap anyhow, being exhausted from shoveling. The snow stopped around 2:00 PM, I think. So maybe the worst of it is over now. I should be able to make it to work tomorrow, which also happens to be my birthday. Today most businesses were closed. I just hope the chefs at Benihana can get to work tomorrow. Otherwise, it will be a sad birthday dinner.

To take advantage of my time cooped up at home, I sent around a lot of email announcements about 404 Not Found’s latest thing. We finally all came to agreement on the details of what I’m calling the [Broomfield Poetry Jam with 404 Not Found](http://www.404notfound.net/poetryjam/poetryjam.htm). It’s going to be a fun time, I think. So now that we have dates finalized, I’m sending info to all the local newspapers so they can mention it in their entertainment schedule. I went by Kinko’s yesterday and printed a bunch of flyers to post everywhere we can think of.
