---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-03-19 14:03:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 19 Mar 2003 07:03 am

##

If you haven’t already heard, we got a fair amount of snow here in the Denver area over the past 36 hours. It was raining when I drove home from work Monday evening, but that turned to snow around midnight or so. It’s pretty much snowed nonstop since then. I did make it into the office yesterday, though half the other people weren’t there. The main roads were o.k. As usual, the hardest part was getting out of the subdivision. But it continued to snow throughout the day and most people went home early. I got home around 3:30 or so, and hired a mob of neighbor kids to shovel the driveway and sidewalk. It took a team of 4 of them (teens and pre-teens) around 90 minutes to finish the job. Now that’s a lot of snow!

I drove up to the King Soopers shopping area last night, afterwards. I was going to just go through the drive-up window at Burger King to get burgers for dinner because I really didn’t feel like cooking and had been having a hamburger craving. But when I got there, I found that Burger King was closed. I’d never imagined Burger King closing due to snow! So I went to the supermarket and bought a few basics. Beth really wanted sunflower seeds for the birds, and I brought home a rotisserie chicken for ourselves. (Ironically, there’s now too much snow to even get to her bird feeders, so she’s just going to throw the birdseed out onto the snow. She thinks the birds will find it there. I’m not so sure.)

Anyhow, we got up this morning a little after 6:00 and looked around. It apparently continued to snow throughout the night and is still lightly snowing. Our back 3-foot fence is almost covered, and all the cars that our neighbors keep parked in the cul-de-sac are totally buried. You can tell our driveway was shoveled, because the snow is a lot more shallow than elsewhere. But it still needs to be shoveled again. Looking out at our street, I have serious doubts about being able to get out of our subdivision, even in the Dodge Dakota with its high clearance and awesome new tires. The Honda Civic is definitely staying the garage for a few days.

It’s 7 AM and I’m not sure if I should even try to go to work. If the snow is as bad everywhere as it was here, then anyone without a pretty decent truck or SUV is going to be stuck at home no matter how hard they try to get to work. Our office hasn’t officially closed, but I just don’t see how more than 10% or 20% of the employees will be there today. So should I shovel the drive and brave the roads in 4WD just to be the only one at work today? Or should I just stay in where it’s warm? I’m not sure. That’s why I’m having breakfast and writing this blog entry.
