---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-08-17 15:56:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 17 Aug 2003 09:56 am



## 



Well, last night was the Boulder Secret Conviviality Society’s 5th annual summer theater performance.  I was involved in last year’s show, which was a take-off of the Love Boat (with elements of Fantasy Island and Star Trek thrown in).  This year, it was Conviviality Night Live, which was a variety show modeled after Saturday Night Live.  This by far was the most complex show this group has ever put together, and we pulled it off pretty darn well!  There were something like 20 skits - some pre-recorded on DVD and some performed live.  There was a house band that did an awesome job.  There was a musical guest - the Rocky Mountain Hicks, modeled after the Dixie Chicks.  And we even a guest host - Charleton Heston.   Well, someone pretending to be Charleton Heston, anyhow.


Unlike last year, we had a full team doing the technical production stuff.  I did sound effects, we had a dedicated sound engineer (and mics on stage, so the actors’ voice were amplified), a dedicated lighting tech, a stage manager, and two ushers.  Writing for show started over three months ago, and rehearsals have been going on for about half that.  Yesterday, we started forming up in the early afternoon to put on the final touches.  By around 4:30 we were finally ready to do our final rehearsal.  The weather had been fine all day and then it got really windy and started raining some.  So things got off to a late start.  A singer/songwriter warmed up the crowd, but the main show didn’t start until 8:30 or so due to the rain.  Everyone did a great job and we’re all pretty stoked with the results.  The crowd loved it, and even though it’s not even 10 AM the morning after, we’ve already gotten 3 emails from people saying it was the best show ever.


I didn’t get home until after 12:30 and got to bed around 1:00, so I’m a bit groggy.  I think it’ll be a day of rest on the couch.  I’ve got 3 magazines and a chapter and a half in my textbook I need to read.  Plus I want to finish watching Airplane!, which I started yesterday.  Maybe I’ll go out somewhere for lunch.  Beth’s been up in the mountains doing volunteer work all weekend, so she missed the show last night.