---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-11-22 19:24:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 22 Nov 2003 12:24 pm



## 



Yesterday was a pretty good day for recovering.  I didn’t need any pain medicine, and spend something like 7.5 hours on the knee machine.  I’ve been watching lots of movies and some TV and catching up on web surfing and a little reading.  We watched the 2nd half of the Two Towers last night, and then this morning I watched some TiVo and then Terminator 3.  Beth also rented me Solaris, which I’ll probably watch on my notebook PC upstairs while doing more reps on the knee machine.


I just finished lunch, which I made for myself for the first time since before the surgery.  I’m getting good at hobbling around on 1 or 2 crutches, or hopping up and down stairs on my one good leg.  I also finally changed my clothes.  I’d been wearing the same stuff I had on before the surgery.  I can’t bathe or shower yet (that’ll come tomorrow) but I stripped down and gave myself a sponge bath of sorts, and then put on all clean clothes.  I also took off my “panty hose”.  I can’t remember the real name of these things, but they gave me leggings that I was supposed to wear the first 48 hours for blood circulation purposes.  It feels nice to have them off.


Now I’m going to enjoy a slice of Marie Callendar’s cherry pie and enter some stuff into Quicken and then maybe play a game of TFC, before returning back upstairs for more time on the knee machine.