---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-03-16 14:15:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 16 Mar 2003 07:15 am

##

Man, yesterday was a busy day. After I woke up around 6:00, I paid bills and caught up on email. Then we went to the supermarket, deposited some checks, and bought 2 adult tickets to the zoo. We visited the zoo in the late morning, and wandered through maybe half of it. I intentionally wanted to visit the stuff on the “left” side of the zoo, since we usually start on the right and circle around. Oh, and we learned that the Denver Zoo is having some major remodeling. They’ve torn up the old entrance and are building a new one, along with a big place for the lions.

After the zoo, we visited Club 404 for lunch. I’ve been wanting to go to scope it out for a possible CD release party for my band, 404 Not Found. Turns out they were having their 52nd anniversary party, which coincides with the owner’s birthday and St. Patrick’s Day. So I had corned beef and cabbage for $4.04. Beth’s lunch was a lot more expensive. For the beginning of the meal, we were entertained by a bagpipe player about 10 feet away. That’s painfully close. Luckily he left after two songs. I picked up an anniversary t-shirt since it says 404 on it. Then we spent the afternoon shopping for furniture. Beth wants a new coffee table and end tables for the living room, and I want a nice quality bookcase. We found neither, despite visiting about 5 stores.

We gave up on shopping and went by Tim’s Net Guru Cafe, where I talked to Tim about having 404 Not Found play a series of shows that would include an open mic poetry element. He’s very interested. Now we just need to settle on a time that works for everyone. By the time we got home, I was pretty tired, so I kicked back for a while, played a video game, tried to take a nap, etc. Then I started getting ready for last night’s gig, packing all my gear in the truck, etc.

We left for the gig around 8:30. It was a fun night, except for all the smoke. This was the first time 404 Not Found has played a gig at a real bar. It was the Lion’s Lair on East Colfax in Denver. We opened for Little Fyodor and Babushka, and Voodoo Organist. That’s a great lineup! I think we started playing around 10:30, and didn’t get home until 2:00. I think I got enough second hand smoke equivalent to smoking about a half pack of cigarettes.

So it was a pretty full day. Unfortunately, I woke up at 6:30 this morning, so I only got 4.5 hours of sleep (so far). It’s so light so early now that it’s hard to sleep in. Plus I was hungry. I’m sure I’ll collapse later. This afternoon, most of the band is practicing over at Byron’s, to get ready for next weekend when we have a marathon recording session planned for the upcoming CD. Tonight the Children of Dune miniseries starts, which means I need to rewire our entertainment center to be able to record stuff from our digital cable onto the VCR.
