---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-06-29 14:39:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 29 Jun 2003 08:39 am

##

OK, I’m now back to start the 2nd blog entry of the day. Here goes:

I snore. Not too much, just a little. But it’s annoying, because I’m also a light sleeper. When I start to snore, I wake myself up. Then I start to fall back asleep, and often, when I get relaxed, I start to snore again. Which wakes me up again, for the cycle to repeat. I especially snore a lot when sleeping on my back. In fact, I haven’t been able to sleep on my back for about 10 or 15 years. I always sleep on my side. By morning, this causes my back to hurt, so I wake up early. So between the snoring and back ache, I just don’t get the quality of sleep I used to 15 years ago.

I’ve tried two snoring cures, neither of which has worked. I thought I’d share those with you today. About 2 years ago, I tried one of these natural anti-snoring products. I can’t remember the exact name, but it was something like [Snoreless](http://www.quitsnoring.com/115305/index.htm). There are a few products that work on the same principle. They basically lubricate the back of the mouth, the palate, and the throat. And they’re made of good stuff like oils and vitamins. I tried the product as directed. It didn’t do squat.

More recently, I took a different approach and bought a [SleepAngel](http://www.sleepangel.com/). It’s pretty strange. It’s basically a strap that goes over your head and holds your chin up while you sleep. This is supposed to prevent snoring and sleep apnea. I used the product as directed, and immediately found that I started snoring more! Well, the instructions for the thing said there’s an adjustment period of a few days, but I tried it for most of a month and found that it still makes me snore more than before. So this one’s a failure, too.
