---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-05-10 14:02:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 10 May 2003 08:02 am

##

We woke up to about 6 inches of snow this morning. I guess that’s a good excuse not to mow the lawn today! Beth and I were planning to go birding, too, but I think I’ve convinced her that’s also a bad idea. So looks like I can get some other stuff done today. Coincidentally, my desktop PC at home stopped working last night. It just suddenly locked up for no reason. And this morning I couldn’t get it to boot up at all in any configuration. I unplugged all the peripherals except the keyboard and it still wouldn’t boot. So I’m taking this opportunity to re-install Windows XP. I kinda wanted to do that anyhow, for a few reasons. First, to get rid of some of the usual cruft that accumulates on a PC over the course of months and years. Second, because this PC never would boot XP in “Safe Mode” which was always kinda nerve wracking when something went wrong. Third, now I can convert from FAT32 to NTFS. Good thing I’ve got this notebook PC now, so I can write in my blog while Microsoft installs.

In other news, I went to the doctor yesterday about knee pain I’ve been having for the past week or so. He believes I sprained my medial collateral ligament. So now I’m on a regimine of ibuprofen, ice, elevating the leg, and not playing Ultimate Frisbee. I really want to get back to normal in the next couple weeks, because…

I’ve been invited to join on a week long river trip on the San Juan. A guy won 4 tickets in a raffle, and he’s only taking 2 people with him, so he has 1 spare ticket. In exchange for creating a new website for him, I’m going to get to be his 3rd guest. The trip is normally $1200 but I’ll get to go for relatively free! I just have to get down there and back (in the gas guzzling pickup). On the way back, I’m planning to take an extra day to stop at the Ute Mountain Ute Reservation and give one or two talks on bats. Should be fun!
