---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-03-22 14:27:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 22 Mar 2003 07:27 am

##

Well, another birthday came and went. My birthday was Thursday the 20th. I worked most of the day, though I left a bit early. Even though I got to work quite easily, some people were still snowed in and couldn’t make it to work. Thursday evening we had dinner at Benihana’s. The food was good, but they made us wait until our whole party was there until they’d seat us, even though they had a table reserved for us. Nobody understood why they would do that. They would rather have us sit in the bar or stand in the lobby, rather than sit at our table to wait for the rest of the party. I’m sure that’s just their policy and the people working there are trying to follow it to the letter even in cases where it doesn’t make sense. Good rules oriented drones!

I got some cool gifts from Beth and friends, and I had 3 different desserts! Beth baked cupcakes for everyone, then we had the ice cream that comes with the meal, then I got a special birthday cake from the restaurant. I was stuffed by the time we went home.

Now it’s Saturday morning and Beth has left town for Arizona, as part of the Spring 2003 Traditional Support Caravan. So I’ve got the house to myself for the next week! To celebrate, I’m going to…well, I can’t think of anything to do to celebrate. This morning, I’m going to pay bills and try to clear off my desk at home. But that isn’t much of a celebration. This afternoon, the band is recording for our next CD, so that’ll be fun. I got a couple movies from the library, so I guess I’ll watch them tonight.
