---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-01-12 23:52:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 12 Jan 2003 04:52 pm



## 



Sorry about the long list of short blog entries.  But I was going through my Mozilla bookmarks and found several I thought I should share.  I wonder if other people use bookmarks the same way I do.  I’ll bookmark a page that I don’t really have time to read right now, and then every few weeks I go through them all and catch up on stuff.  That’s what I did for a couple hours this morning.  This afternoon, I watched a 2 hour documentary about “Citizen Kane”.  It was pretty interesting, and I learned a lot about William Randolph Hearst and about Orson Welles.


The real reason I’m writing this entry, though, is to steer you away from a particular beverage.  But first, a little background.  One of the greatest uses I’ve found for the internet, since I started using it around 14 years ago (ask yourself if you’ve been a regular internet user for more than 14 years, and if so please leave me a feedback note), is to share good and bad stories of products and services that people have tried.  Back when there was less spam, USENET was great for this sort of thing, but now people seem to share these ideas in websites and (harkening back to the 80’s) bulletin boards.  Anyhow, I’ve bought lots of products based on opinions of other users on the net.  And I’m happy to say that I’ve also given advice pretty continuously for the past 14 years.  I’ll regularly get email from someone I’ve never met asking me about a bad or good user experience I had and wrote about years ago.


Probably the most popular things I’ve shared are:


- My [USB video capture](/)- Cakewalk instrument definitions for various MIDI keyboards I’ve owned- And of course my information about [the SUV backlash](../suvbacklash/suvbacklash/) and natural gas vehicles


So here’s my latest bit of advice.  Steer clear of Santa Cruz Organic Cola.  It’s terrible!  My local King Soopers store didn’t have any [Blue Sky Organic New Century Cola](http://www.blueskysoda.com/organic.htm), which I really like.  But I saw they had this other stuff (I searched for a long time to find a Santa Cruz Naturals website to link to here - either they don’t have one or Google knows nothing about it) so I bought some.  It doesn’t taste like cola, and it mildly nauseating.  So I’m throwing out the rest of the 6-pack and not buying it again.