---
title: "(untitled post)"
date: 2003-06-14 13:21:00 +0000
categories: [Uncategorized]
---

[Uncategorized](../cat-1/) Todd Bradley on 14 Jun 2003 07:21 am



## 



Hi, folks.  I realize it’s been since May 19th that I wrote anything here.  It’s now June 14th, and quite a bit’s happened in the past month.


For starters, I went on a week long rafting trip on the San Juan River in southern Utah.  I wrote up my travel journal [here](/).  It’s a little dry, and unfortunately it doesn’t contain any photos, for reasons explained in the journal.  But it was an awesome trip and I had a good, relaxing time.


When I got back from my vacation, I started a new job at Voyant.  I’m not managing all of software quality assurance, and no longer managing hardware quality or SCM.  So far, I’ve had a lot to learn, but it’s been fun.


The band has had a long vacation, too.  I think our last show we played was the final Broomfield Poetry Jam gig, but we’re playing the Lion’s Lair on Sunday night.  I haven’t made any progress on the new CD, but hope to this weekend.


I did spend some time experimenting with soft synths, to see if a vision I had was possible.  I had this idea that for live performance I could replace my Karma keyboard and my Boss sampler and my Alesis mixer with my notebook PC, a smaller MIDI keyboard controller, and my Layla24 interface.  This would make my life kit much smaller and easier to lug around.  It would also cut down on the number of wires I have to deal with when we play live.  So far the experiment hasn’t gone great.  I’ve played with this setup twice with very different results, and I fear the notebook PC may be my weakest link.


Meanwhile, here are a couple things you might find interesting:


[Cannot find Weapons of Mass Destruction](http://www.intowndenver.com/404/404weapons.htm) - Someone passed this error message on to me today.  I think it’s very funny.  I hope you will, too.


[The Dog Ate My WMD](http://www.tompaine.com/feature2.cfm/ID/8089) - An article from TOMPAINE.com that sums up where we are with the missing evidence for WMD, which was our justification for invading Iraq.